her parents blocked all communication between us for a month and a half
we were able to sneak a moment in which we met together at work, a few days before i leave lakeshore.

talked about everything, our families, regrets, broken promises, memories, our future. 
we planned our last date. we promised after that, no more i love yous and kisses.

it was a painful talk, we cried, laughed, made out. we never fought or argued through our relationship.
we had difficulties getting together because of her friends and families but we made it anyway in the end
im having a hard time understand how her father refused to see past their religion. but you live and you learn.

we just had the date today. we had fun, she really wish she had met you guys. i keep telling her about each and one of you when we were together.
heading home, we couldnt stop crying at the train. at another emotional state i would have been really embarassed. i just didnt care about anything
i didnt ever think i would be able to love a woman this much and have a woman love me that much.
it wasnt long ago i was saying i dont want to marry or have a girlfriend. and here i am experiencing a full cycle of a relationship, from courtship to the end

it is so hard. espcially seeing her cry and hurt and i know its because of me.
it is pathetic, but i really feel like killing myself. i wont do it but that is just how i feel.

ill try to focus on my career, music, and gym now.

i care about you guys, and i tried not to interact with you guys when i am at this state but i would just get hurt more if i didnt.
ive been a shitty friend for the past few months i know. but ive been always kind of been the crybaby and downer of the group anyway
its just amplified because of the things happening at the moment.

ill eventually come back and be a better more useful friend. if anything, maybe ya'll can learn from my mistake.
when things settle down, maybe one day you guys can meet her and layla. we could do karaoke together.

love ya'll